README.md, before:

<a href="https://whitewhale.money/">
  <h1 align="center">
    <picture>
      <img alt="White Whale Migaloo" src="https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*29OYRJqqddosWtWo-c3TYQ.png">
    </picture>
  </h1>
</a>

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://makeapullrequest.com)
[![first-timers-only](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.firsttimersonly.com/)
[![Discord badge][]][Discord invite]
[![Twitter handle][]][Twitter badge]
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6401/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6401)

[Discord invite]: https://discord.com/invite/tSxyyCWgYX
[Discord badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/908044702794801233
[Twitter handle]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/WhiteWhaleDefi.svg?style=social&label=Follow
[Twitter badge]: https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=WhiteWhaleDefi

# Migaloo Docs
This repository contains the public-facing documentation of the open-source and decentralized Migaloo Protocol. Here you will find both general information and specific documentation on our repositories:
- [Migaloo Smart Contracts](https://github.com/White-Whale-Defi-Platform/migaloo-core/)
- [Migaloo Frontend](https://github.com/White-Whale-Defi-Platform/migaloo-frontend/)
- [Migaloo Bots](https://github.com/White-Whale-Defi-Platform/migaloo-bots/)

If you are looking for our V1 documentation, you can find it [here](https://white-whale-defi-platform.github.io/docs/).

## Resources
1. [Website](https://whitewhale.money/)
2. [LitePaper](https://whitewhale.money/LitepaperV2.pdf)
3. [Docs](https://ww0-1.gitbook.io/migaloo-docs/)
4. [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tSxyyCWgYX)
5. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WhiteWhaleDefi)
6. [Telegram](https://t.me/whitewhaleofficial)


## Contributing

[Code of Conduct](./docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

[License](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: rebrand from Migaloo to White Whale

README.md, after:

<a href="https://whitewhale.money/">
  <h1 align="center">
    <picture>
      <img alt="White Whale V2" src="https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*29OYRJqqddosWtWo-c3TYQ.png">
    </picture>
  </h1>
</a>

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://makeapullrequest.com)
[![first-timers-only](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.firsttimersonly.com/)
[![Discord badge][]][Discord invite]
[![Twitter handle][]][Twitter badge]
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6401/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6401)

[Discord invite]: https://discord.com/invite/tSxyyCWgYX
[Discord badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/908044702794801233
[Twitter handle]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/WhiteWhaleDefi.svg?style=social&label=Follow
[Twitter badge]: https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=WhiteWhaleDefi

# White Whale Docs
This repository contains the public-facing documentation of the open-source and decentralized White Whale Protocol. 
Here you will find both general information and specific documentation on our repositories:
- [White Whale Smart Contracts](https://github.com/White-Whale-Defi-Platform/white-whale-core/)
- [White Whale Frontend](https://github.com/White-Whale-Defi-Platform/white-whale-frontend/)
- [White Whale Bots](https://github.com/White-Whale-Defi-Platform/white-whale-bots/)

If you are looking for our V1 documentation, you can find it [here](https://white-whale-defi-platform.github.io/docs/).

## Resources
1. [Website](https://whitewhale.money/)
2. [LitePaper](https://whitewhale.money/LitepaperV2.pdf)
3. [Docs](https://docs.whitewhale.money/white-whale-docs/)
4. [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tSxyyCWgYX)
5. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WhiteWhaleDefi)
6. [Telegram](https://t.me/whitewhaleofficial)


## Contributing

[Code of Conduct](./docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

[License](./LICENSE)
